
Probe Intensity Extraction
========================

[TOC]

In this section, we determine the intensity of a probe by the most representative region defined by the minimum coefficient of variation (minCV) criterion in that cell. The size of the representative region is user-defined.

The minCV mode
==============

1. For each cell, use the sliding window whose size is user-defined to find the representative region.
2. For each window, let @f$X_{ij}@f$ be the intensity pixel value of the @f$i_{th}@f$ row and the @f$j_{th}@f$ column in a window, @f$\mathbb \mu = \frac{\sum_{i,j} X_{ij}}{mn}@f$,  @f$\mathbb \sigma^2 = \frac{\sum_{i,j} (X_{ij}-\mu)^2}{mn-1}@f$,  coefficient of variation @f$CV = \frac{\sigma}{\mu}@f$, where m is the number of rows (in pixels) in a given-sized window, n is the number of columns (in pixels) in a given-sized window.
3. For each cell, take the window having minimum CV within that cell as the most representative region, and use the mean of that region to define the intensity of that cell.

  @image html image-margin.jpg width=670px
  @image latex image-margin.jpg width=13cm
  Figure 9 The tile matrix of an FOV (Banff (AM1), Yz01(AM1)).

The following is a brief introduction to the code of the intensity extraction.

Data Preparation for Probe Intensity Extraction
=============================================

Data preparation input
----------------------

1. A grid line object generated by image_gridder in the [image gridding](@ref doc/modules/image-gridding.md) section.
2. A loaded raw chip image (The raw image from SUMMIT) loaded by OpenCV in the [fluorescence marker detection](@ref doc/modules/fluorescence-marker-detection.md) section.
3. A marker layout object generated by `chipimgproc::marker::make_single_pattern_reg_mat_layout()` function in the [fluorescence marker detection](@ref doc/modules/fluorescence-marker-detection.md) section.

Data preparation output
-----------------------

1. A tile matrix object (Figure 9).

Data preparation example
------------------------

@snippet Example/image_stitch_and_extraction.cpp image-feature-preparation

Intensity Extraction
==================

Intensity extraction input
------------------------

1. A string that set the feature extracting mode. There are two modes can be chosen. If we use "auto_min_cv", that means we ignore the segmentation rate and find the minimum CV of this tile automatically. The default mode for feature extraction is "mid_seg" using only segmentation rate and reducing the tile from outside to inside.
2. A floating point for the segmentation rate. The segmentation rate is the percentage of the margin shrinking inward. For more information, see `chipimgproc::margin::operator()() const`.
3. A reference to the tile matrix.
4. A boolean value indicating whether segmented tile results replace the tile-matrix or not.
5. A null pointer.

Intensity extraction output
-------------------------

1. A feature extracting result object.

Intensity extraction example
--------------------------

@snippet Example/image_stitch_and_extraction.cpp image-feature-extraction
